QC SAMPLE (pre-screen verification)
stage: title_abstract
timestamp: 2026-01-16T13:20:01.866805Z
records: 3 of 29 planned (10.0% target)

[1] paper_id: #11
Title: Applying machine learning to predict future adherence to physical activity programs
Abstract: Background: Identifying individuals who are unlikely to adhere to a physical exercise regime has potential to improve physical activity interventions. The aim of this paper is to develop and test adherence prediction models using objectively measured physical activity data in the Mobile Phone-Based Physical Activity Education program (mPED) trial. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first to apply Machine Learning methods to predict exercise relapse using accelerometer-recorded physical activity data.Methods: We use logistic regression and support vector machine methods to design two versions of a Discontinuation Prediction Score (DiPS), which uses objectively measured past data (e.g., steps and goal achievement) to provide a numerical quantity indicating the likelihood of exercise relapse in the upcoming week. The respective prediction accuracy of these two versions of DiPS are compared, and then numerical simulation is performed to explore the potential of using DiPS to selecti

[2] paper_id: #7
Title: Effectiveness of Digital Health Interventions for Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis
Abstract: Background: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), marked by dyspnea, cough, and sputum production, significantly impairs patients' quality of life and functionality. Effective management strategies, particularly those empowering patients to manage their condition, are essential to reduce this burden and health care use. Digital health interventions-such as mobile apps for symptom tracking, wearable sensors for vital sign monitoring, and web-based pulmonary rehabilitation programs-can enhance self-efficacy and promote greater patient engagement. By improving self-management skills, these interventions also help alleviate pressure on health care systems. Objective: This systematic review and meta-analysis assesses the clinical effectiveness of smartphone apps, wearable monitors, and web-delivered platforms in four COPD management areas: (1) quality of life (measured by the COPD Assessment Test [CAT] and St George's Respiratory Questionnaire), (2) self-efficacy (assessed by the Ge

[3] paper_id: #19
Title: Demo Abstract: An LLM-Powered Multimodal Mobile Sensing System for Personalized and Interactive Health Behavior Analysis
Abstract: Characterizing human behaviors using mobile devices is crucial for the longitudinal monitoring of chronic diseases, such as mental health conditions and Alzheimer's Disease. Current solutions often either focus on detecting basic human activities (e.g., sitting, walking) or lack comprehensive analysis and interactive guidance based on sensor data. We present MobiBox, a lightweight mobile app for long-term behavior data collection and interactive health analysis. MobiBox captures multimodal data including high-resolution 9-axis IMU data and contextual information such as APP usage and network activities, and integrates Large Language Models (LLMs) to generate personalized guidances like interventions and daily summaries. Moreover, MobiBox features a closed-loop design that allows users rate these guidances, building a high-quality dataset to enhance performance of LLMs on mobile health applications. The demo video is available at https: //youtube.com/shorts/XgOXFoRaFIw?feature=share.

