QC SAMPLE (pre-screen verification)
stage: title_abstract
timestamp: 2026-01-16T19:03:31.326351Z
records: 3 of 29 planned (10.0% target)

[1] paper_id: #15
Title: Effects of a Personalized Fitness Recommender System Using Gamification and Continuous Player Modeling: System Design and Long-Term Validation Study
Abstract: Background: Gamification and persuasive games are effective tools to motivate behavior change, particularly to promote daily physical activities. On the one hand, studies have suggested that a one-size-fits-all approach does not work well for persuasive game design. On the other hand, player modeling and recommender systems are increasingly used for personalizing content. However, there are few existing studies on how to build comprehensive player models for personalizing gamified systems, recommending daily physical activities, or the long-term effectiveness of such gamified exercise-promoting systems.Objective: This paper aims to introduce a gamified, 24/7 fitness assistant system that provides personalized recommendations and generates gamified content targeted at individual users to bridge the aforementioned gaps. This research aims to investigate how to design gamified physical activity interventions to achieve long-term engagement.Methods: We proposed a comprehensive model for ga

[2] paper_id: #21
Title: A data-driven dynamic repositioning model in bicycle-sharing systems
Abstract: The new generation of bicycle-sharing is an O2O (online-to-offline) platform service that enables the users to access the bicycle with a smartphone App. This paper proposes a dynamic repositioning model with predicted demand, where the repositioning time interval is fixed. A data-driven Neural Network (NN) approach is introduced to forecast the bicycle-sharing demand. The repositioning objective function at each time interval is defined to simultaneously minimize the operator cost and penalty cost. In addition to the normal constraints in static repositioning problem, flow conservation, inventory-balance and travel time constraints are taken into account. Due to the non-deterministic polynomial-time hard (NP-hard) nature of this model, a hybrid metaheuristic approach of Adaptive Genetic Algorithm (AGA) and Granular Tabu Search (GTS) algorithm is applied to calculate the solution. Based on predicted demand, the initial repositioning plan is made by AGA statically at the beginning of stu

[3] paper_id: #28
Title: Brain Exercises Anywhere Anytime: A Self-Training System for Executive Function
Abstract: Smartphones are ideal for tracking individuals' behavioral responses. Traditional laboratory-based psychological trials aimed at training cognitive functions face a problem when participants cannot finish their tasks within a scheduled time. In this paper, we developed a self-training system that helps people to enhance their cognitive functions through mental exercises. The system utilizes the advantages of mobile computing and Internet connection. Participants can finish their mental exercises no matter where they are and can send the results back to the data server. Administrators can track all participants' status on a web-based system. This study investigates in situ the 20-session use of a mobile application. The results reveal that the users significantly enhanced their level of executive functions. The dropout rate was very small. This application, which uses a cloud data server, makes it more efficient and cost-effective in conducting psychological training programs. The propo

