QC SAMPLE (pre-screen verification)
stage: title_abstract
timestamp: 2026-01-16T18:36:07.080095Z
records: 3 of 29 planned (10.0% target)

[1] paper_id: #22
Title: PDLens: Smartphone Knows Drug Effectiveness among Parkinson's via Daily-Life Activity Fusion
Abstract: Drug effectiveness management is a complicated and challenging task in chronic diseases, like Parkinson's Disease (PD). Drug effectiveness control is not only linked to personal out-of-pocket cost but also affecting the quality of life among patients with chronic symptoms. In the current practice, although that health and medical professionals still play a key role in the personalized treatment plan, the critical decision on drug selection falls upon the individual report when patients call in or visit the clinics. Unfortunately, most of the patients with chronic diseases either fail to report their day-to-day symptoms or have a limited access to medical resources due to economic constraints. In this paper, we present PDLens, a first smartphone-based system to detect drug effectiveness among Parkinson's in daily life. Specifically, PDLens can extract digital behavioral markers related to PD drug responses from everyday activities, including phone calls, standing, and walking. PDLens mo

[2] paper_id: #10
Title: Deriving neighborhood-level diet and physical activity measurements from anonymized mobile phone location data for enhancing obesity estimation
Abstract: BackgroundObesity is a serious public health problem. Existing research has shown a strong association between obesity and an individual's diet and physical activity. If we extend such an association to the neighborhood level, information about the diet and physical activity of the residents of a neighborhood may improve the estimate of neighborhood-level obesity prevalence and help identify the neighborhoods that are more likely to suffer from obesity. However, it is challenging to measure neighborhood-level diet and physical activity through surveys and interviews, especially for a large geographic area. MethodsWe propose a method for deriving neighborhood-level diet and physical activity measurements from anonymized mobile phone location data, and examine the extent to which the derived measurements can enhance obesity estimation, in addition to the socioeconomic and demographic variables typically used in the literature. We conduct case studies in three different U.S. cities, which

[3] paper_id: #1
Title: The Value of a Virtual Assistant to Improve Engagement in Computerized Cognitive Training at Home: Exploratory Study
Abstract: Background: Impaired cognitive function is observed in many pathologies, including neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer disease. At present, the pharmaceutical treatments available to counter cognitive decline have only modest effects, with significant side effects. A nonpharmacological treatment that has received considerable attention is computerized cognitive training (CCT), which aims to maintain or improve cognitive functioning through repeated practice in standardized exercises. CCT allows for more regular and thorough training of cognitive functions directly at home, which represents a significant opportunity to prevent and fight cognitive decline. However, the presence of assistance during training seems to be an important parameter to improve patients' motivation and adherence to treatment. To compensate for the absence of a therapist during at-home CCT, a relevant option could be to include a virtual assistant to accompany patients throughout their training. Objective

